README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.




As my final project I decided to make a pollen allergy tracker where the user can log how the are feeling on a daily basis. They would log any symptoms on their nose, eyes, mouth, throat and skin and also keep track of where they are at that moment in time.

Link to my drawSQL <iframe width="100%" height="500px" style="box-shadow: 0 2px 8px 0 rgba(63,69,81,0.16); border-radius:15px;" allowtransparency="true" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" title="Embedded DrawSQL IFrame" frameborder="0" src="https://drawsql.app/teams/allergy-tracker-app/diagrams/initial/embed"></iframe>

Link to my Figma Wireframe

run sql file in psql in the terminal
psql -U pollen_allergy_tracker -d next_js_pollen_allergy_tracker -a -f database/test-data.sql

Commit message:

Add range input, notes textarea

README.md, after:

As my final project I decided to make a pollen allergy tracker where the user can log how the are feeling on a daily basis. They would log any symptoms on their nose, eyes, mouth, throat and skin and also keep track of where they are at that moment in time.

Link to my drawSQL <iframe width="100%" height="500px" style="box-shadow: 0 2px 8px 0 rgba(63,69,81,0.16); border-radius:15px;" allowtransparency="true" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" title="Embedded DrawSQL IFrame" frameborder="0" src="https://drawsql.app/teams/allergy-tracker-app/diagrams/initial/embed"></iframe>

Link to my Figma Wireframe

run sql file in psql in the terminal
psql -U pollen_allergy_tracker -d next_js_pollen_allergy_tracker -a -f database/test-data.sql

I am using an npm package called react-select to log the input on daily_log.

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
